README.md, before:

Let's make this quick

# An intro to myself

A 15 year old with a burning passion towards the things I do. Born and raised in Malaysia by a tech entrepreneur and housewife with a CS degree. Asian parents. Apart from **programming**, my other passions/interests include **economics**, **geopolitics**, **business development**, **drawing**, **architecture**, and **writing**. Typically, I dont find much reason to use my personal gadgets - its more of a distraction really, and I rarely play video games.

Coding is and always will be just a **hobby**. It is something I enjoy and love doing, but **not** exactly what I will full-time or as a career. Useful, but not the main quest - however, I still spend effort and time working on these projects!

My main quest is more **corporate**, **entreprenuerial** and **disruptive**. My things are problem-solving, tinkering and working out on things. I picked up coding because I get to create whatever I want (most of the time), and therefore, come up with my own solutions and offerings to certain issues/problems. Drawing is something I do at least 3x more than coding, because it happens to help me offload and bring whatever is in my head to the real world - organised.

## Present

|Working on|Researching on|
|--------------------|---------------------|
| [Competence](https://github.com/luq-mn/Competence): Community economies, data, and currency - in one Discord bot | Quantum computing, for the era of quantum utility (the next data revolution) |
| [CMS](https://github.com/luq-mn/CMS): Kaboom.js-based crypto mining sim game | Solidifying my mathematical skills |

As of whenever I last wrote this, its mostly academics - except for certain times (typically holidays).

## Vision

|Short-term|Life|
|----------|----|
| Elevate my academics, score a perfect 10 A+ on my SPM. Study **Computer Science**, **Economics** and **Statistics** in higher-education, currently eyeing at *University of Florida* or *MIT* - depends on how athletic I end up becoming. Increase my stamina, build myself up a bit, and work on side projects! | Make it to the Forbes 30 Under 30 list, start at least one Fortune 500 company, and qualify for a Y Combinator accelerator program. On the personal side, its to get married, have kids, and afford to have whatever I want and most importantly, need. A holiday home by the fjords of Sweden! |

I want to create meaningful impacts, live an enjoyable life, love and be loved.

----
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=luq-mn&layout=compact&theme=github_dark&card_width=1050&langs_count=6)

Commit message:

Update to include Ardent and cybersecurity under "Present" table

README.md, after:

Let's make this quick

# An intro to myself

A 15 year old with a burning passion towards the things I do. Born and raised in Malaysia by a tech entrepreneur and housewife with a CS degree. Asian parents. Apart from **programming**, my other passions/interests include **economics**, **geopolitics**, **business development**, **drawing**, **architecture**, and **writing**. Typically, I dont find much reason to use my personal gadgets - its more of a distraction really, and I rarely play video games.

Coding is and always will be just a **hobby**. It is something I enjoy and love doing, but **not** exactly what I will full-time or as a career. Useful, but not the main quest - however, I still spend effort and time working on these projects!

My main quest is more **corporate**, **entreprenuerial** and **disruptive**. My things are problem-solving, tinkering and working out on things. I picked up coding because I get to create whatever I want (most of the time), and therefore, come up with my own solutions and offerings to certain issues/problems. Drawing is something I do at least 3x more than coding, because it happens to help me offload and bring whatever is in my head to the real world - organised.

## Present

|Working on|Researching on|
|--------------------|---------------------|
| [Competence](https://github.com/luq-mn/Competence): Community economies, data, and currency - in one Discord bot | Quantum computing, for the era of quantum utility (the next data revolution) |
| [Ardent](https://github.com/luq-mn/Ardent): The database with easiness that scales | Cybersecurity |
| [CMS](https://github.com/luq-mn/CMS): Kaboom.js-based crypto mining sim game | Solidifying my mathematical skills |

As of whenever I last wrote this, its mostly academics - except for certain times (typically holidays).

## Vision

|Short-term|Life|
|----------|----|
| Elevate my academics, score a perfect 10 A+ on my SPM. Study **Computer Science**, **Economics** and **Statistics** in higher-education, currently eyeing at *University of Florida* or *MIT* - depends on how athletic I end up becoming. Increase my stamina, build myself up a bit, and work on side projects! | Make it to the Forbes 30 Under 30 list, start at least one Fortune 500 company, and qualify for a Y Combinator accelerator program. On the personal side, its to get married, have kids, and afford to have whatever I want and most importantly, need. A holiday home by the fjords of Sweden! |

I want to create meaningful impacts, live an enjoyable life, love and be loved.

----
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=luq-mn&layout=compact&theme=github_dark&card_width=1050&langs_count=6)
